Add metrics per_host documentation to caddy website. (#455)
caddyserver/website: src/docs/markdown/caddyfile/options.md

}
```

> You can add or remove the per_host option to separate metrics for each host rather than for the entire caddy server.

Reviewer: This is not accurate. When the `per_host` option is added, it adds a label of the hostname for which the metrics is recorded. This way you can see metrics for a particular hostname.

```suggestion
You can add the `per_host` option to label metrics with the host name of the metric.
```

```caddy
{
	metrics {

>         per_host
>     }

Reviewer 2: spaces -> tabs
```suggestion
		per_host
	}
```
